=== 0.9.8 2013/02/27

* Support MyGithub
  * https://github.com/ongaeshi/mygithub

=== 0.9.7 2012/01/29

* Support rroonga 2.1.x

* Support TravisCI 
  * https://travis-ci.org/ongaeshi/milkode
  * Add Util#truncate_nsec

* milk
  * Add 'milk files -r'
  * Can run 'milk files' in non-database directory
  * Add 'milk list -d' (Display directory)

* gmilk
  * Fixed some words to match properly ('a-list' etc.)
  * Can search non-ASCII characters in Windows environment

=== 0.9.6 2012/12/28

* milk web
  * Narrow down search
  * filename + keyword search
  * Fuzzy direct jump
  * Recommended search query
  * Support favicon
  * Bug fix

* milk
  * Support svn (milk add -p svn http://svn/trunk -n a_proj)
  * Quickly milk remove & rebuild
  
=== 0.9.5 2012/12/09

* milk web 
  * Add copy buttons in modal
    * 'Direct path' button
    * 'Lineno + Text' button
  * Bug fix
    * Fix incorrect total match count (thanks yosyyy)
    * search_gotoline.rb: Fix link
    * typo

* milk
  * Add 'milk add --empty' options

=== 0.9.4 2012/11/14

* milk web
  * Improve handling when you click the line number 
  * Improve the usability of the search box (thanks kenhys)

* milk
  * Improve milk remove
  * Fix milk init /path/to/dir -s
  * milkode_yaml.rb: Fix package_root regexp
  * milk -v -> milk --version
  * plang_detector.rb: Add csproj, vbproj, sln (VisualStudio)
  * document_table.rb: Fix error negative string size (or size too big)

* Bug fix
  * termcolor require version '< 1.2.2' (thanks mallowlabs)

=== 0.9.3.1 2012/10/14

* 'milk plugins' add gem-milkode, bundle-milkode
* Support removing by path

=== 0.9.3 2012/10/06

* milk web
  * Update from web interface

* milk info
  * file_count, line_count, breakdown
  * -a(--all), -t(--table), -b(--breakdown)

* milk
  * milk plugins: add Milkode_Sublime
  * milk add:     add -n(--no-auto-ignore)

* database
  * Add Updater

* common
  * grenfiletest.rb: Add ignore suffix
  * Add PlgnDetector

=== 0.9.2 2012/09/07

* etc
  * Add emacs plugin : [ongaeshi/emacs-milkode](https://github.com/ongaeshi/emacs-milkode)
* milk
  * Add 'milkode plugins' command
  * [fatal] already exist 'Documents', [fatal] -> [warning]
* gmilk
  * Support strict_packages

=== 0.9.1.1 2012/08/07

* milk web
  * Fixed line numbers will fall apart in WebKit

=== 0.9.1 2012/08/05

* milk web
  * Possible filtering at package selector
  * Package selector add to home screen
  * Fix cannot find package names that match correctly.
  * A package selector '---' choose to search home
  * help.haml
  * Malformed URL even not errors

* gmilk
  * --db DB_DIR option
  * -v option

* milk   
  * Bugfix .gitignore reading '![filename]'
  * -v option

* database
  * DocumentTable#search :strict_package

=== 0.9.0 2012/07/09

* milk web
  * Renew page design
  * Display match files when searching
  * Add package selector
  * Direct jump
  * Suggest
  * Add search options
  * Bug fix

* gmilk
  * Direct jump

* database
  * fpath_or_packages

=== 0.8.1 2012/06/20

* Fix, gmilk -a -u error (thanks hazy_moon)

=== 0.8.0 2012/06/20

* milk web
  * Can jump to package from home. [Recent, add, update, favorite]
  * Can specify the package list sorting type
  * Support Twitter bootstrap

* database
  * Centralized groonga database access
  * DocumentTable
    * shorpath -> restpath
    * Add package column
    * Extension searches exact matches
  * PackageTable
    * New

* milk 
  * Add 'milk fav' command
  * Also cleanup do the milk update
  * Redefining invoke_task and handle the help option (thanks tomykaira)
  * Add milk add 'schema'
    * ssh:foo@bar/baz.git (Support gitolite, thanks hazy_moon)
    * git@example.com:foo/bar.git

* build
  * Move description of the dependencies to the Gemfile

=== 0.7.0 2012/05/05

* milk
  * `milk add git://..` to enabled. When you update `git pull` like you.
  * Use Thor
* gmilk
  * gotoline mode(-g) enabled multi args.
    * Sample: gmilk -g VERSION:1 bin/milk:9 bin/gmilk:9 lib/milkode/cdweb/app.rb:23
  * Windows(SJIS) + Ruby1.9 support
* milk web
  * Bug fix
* common
  * Bug fix
  
=== 0.6.0 2012/03/28

* milk web
  * Optimize
  * Customize title and icon
  * Usability improvements
  * CodeRay 1.0.5
  * Remove the dependency on hpricot, nokogiri

* common
  * '\n' -> '$/'
  * 'rroonga','>= 1.1.0','<2.0'

=== 0.5.0 2012/03/09

* milk
  * Review the specifications and significantly improve ease of use
  * milk add
    * Reads automatic .gitignore in the package, to ignore from the search
    * If you do not want to load the .gitignore please specify '--no-auto-ignore'
  * milk ignore
    * Can specify the directories and files not included in the search
  * milk init
  * milk rebuild
  * milk remove
  * milk update
  * milk setdb
  * milk pwd

* milk web
  * Find all the matches every file so that the displayed results (Fix #12) (thanks tomykaira, miau)

* lib
  * Delete CdstkYaml
  * Add Package, MilkodeYaml, YamlFileWrapper
  * milkode.yaml version up, 0.1 -> '0.2'.

=== 0.4.0 2012/02/02

* gmilk 
  * Revert -i option
  * Add -g option (Goto line mode)
  * Add -c option (Disp count num)

=== 0.3.0 2012/01/20

* gmilk
  * Add -k -l option.
  * If you type lowercase all ignore case, case is one of the strictly search.
* milk 
  * Add 'milk info'.
  * To display the number of files in the package when 'milk list'.
* etc
  * Delete cdv, cdview.

=== 0.2.9 2011/12/24

* gmilk
 * 'gmilk' search from the command line available the grep.
* mcd
 * 'mcd', you can easy directory move package registered in the database
* milk
 * Add 'milk setdb'.
 * Add 'milk update'.
 * Add 'milk dir'.
 * Add 'milk mcd'.
* milk web
  * Ruby1.8 -> hpricot, Ruby1.9 -> nokogiri.
  * Sort the file list folder, and name
* Add MilkodeTestWork class.

=== 0.2.4 2011/10/02

* Fixed not installing gem 1.3.6, 1.3.7.

=== 0.2.3 2011/09/29

* Search web interface speed.
* Corresponds to the Japan language file names.

=== 0.2.2 2011/08/26

* Add a file grep.
  * To be displayed at the top of the anchor link to match the line.
* Implement search 'topic path'.
  * Breadcrumbs (link directory) when you click, to take over the search query.
  * 'Enter search words -> click breadcrumbs', search scope can be changed.
  * Each time "search" without pressing any button on a new keyword search can be entered in 'the text entry → click breadcrumbs'.
* Add breadcrumbs at the top "home".
  * milkode/lib/file.rb -> home/milkode/lib/file.rb
* Results will be displayed in the file name relative path.
* Add [List of files] button
* Search without entering a search word (hit Enter), and fixed the problem that the error (thanks ryo)

=== 0.2.1 2011/08/12

Milkode repository is version up.
Please rebuild repository.

  milk rebuild

* Support AutoPagerize. (thanks awasira)
* 'documents' table type change, 'Groonga::Array -> Groonga:: Hash'.
  * 'milk update' faster (thanks kou)
  * Issues#6 CentOS 5.5 (32bit) in 'milk update' fails (thanks yoshikaw)

=== 0.2.0 2011/08/10

* Issues#4 Bug fix, wrong display of search results. (thanks rakkoyaku, ryo)
* Issues#5 Delete GoogleAnalytics code. (thanks vividtone)

=== 0.1.9 2011/08/05

* Bug fix, can't move 'milk web'.

=== 0.1.8, 0.1.7 2011/08/04

* archive-zip patch for Ruby1.9.2.

=== 0.1.6 2011/08/03

* Bug fix, faild 'milk init' for Ubunts. (thanks kumonopanya, and maroekun)

=== 0.1.5 2011/08/02

* Compatibility Ruby 1.9.2p290.

=== 0.1.4 2011/08/01

* To act reasonably even if it fails to require 'readline'.

=== 0.1.3 2011/07/30

* Change Icon.
* Change web-app design.
* Change text, lib/milkode/cdweb/views/help.haml.

=== 0.1.2 2011/07/26

* milk web --host, default value "127.0.0.1" (for Windows).
* to update all packages at 'milk update' (no arg).

=== 0.1.1 2011/07/25

* Add comment.

=== 0.1.0 2011/07/25

* 1st release.

